Do you know what the Little Mermaid and I have in common? We both want to be part of your world.
I thought this was a bar, but I must be in a museum because you truly are a work of art.
Excuse me, do you have the time? I just want to remember the exact minute I got a crush on you.
You know, I’m actually terrible at flirting. How about you try to pick me up instead?
I was just trying to buy a drink here, but you’re very distracting.
I hope you know CPR, because you just took my breath away!
I ought to complain to Spotify for you not being named this week’s hottest single.
There must be something wrong with my eyes, I can’t take them off you.
I’m sorry, were you talking to me? Well then, please start.
Your eyes are like IKEA. I could get lost in them for hours.
So, aside from being sexy, what do you do for a living?
I was wondering if you could tell me… If you’re here, who’s running Heaven?
No wonder the sky is gray—all the color is in your eyes.
You’ve got everything I’ve been searching for, and believe me—I’ve been looking a long time.
You’re proof that aliens are real. Because you just abducted my heart.
You’re like a fine wine. The more of you I drink in, the better I feel.
I would never play hide and seek with you because someone like you is impossible to find.
Call me Shrek because I’m head ogre heels for you.
Are you a magician? It’s the strangest thing, but every time I look at you, everyone else disappears.
You know what you would look really beautiful in? My arms.
Sweet Pick Up Lines For Guys
I’d like to take you to the movies, but they don’t let you bring in your own snacks.
You’re hotter than the bottom of my laptop.
Do you like Nintendo? Because Wii would look good together.
Is your name Dunkin? Because I donut want to spend another day without you.
Do you have a pencil? Cause I want to erase your past and write our future.
Let’s flip a coin. Head, I’m yours. Tails, you’re mine.
Are you a bank loan? Because you have my interest.
I think there’s something wrong with my phone. Could you try calling it to see if it works?
Was your father an alien? Because there’s nothing else like you on Earth!
Let me tie your shoes. I don’t want you falling for anyone else.
Hi, I just wanted to thank you for the gift. I’ve been wearing this smile ever since you gave it to me.
I should charge you rent for spending so much time in my head.
Are you an electrician? Because you’re definitely lighting up my night!
I’ve heard it said that kissing is the ‘language of love.’ Would you care to have a conversation with me about it sometime?
I always thought happiness started with an ‘h,’ but it turns out mine starts with ‘u.’
Hey, you’re pretty and I’m cute. Together we’d be pretty cute.
If you were a song, you’d be the best track on the album.
You’re so sweet, you’re giving me a toothache.
We should go out for coffee sometime. Because I like you a latte.
Your hand looks heavy—can I hold it for you?
Cheesy Pick Up Lines For Guys
Kiss me if I’m wrong, but dinosaurs still exist, right?
I bet you ten bucks you’re going to turn me down.
On a scale of 1 to America, how free are you tonight?
You know, I thought Disneyland is the ‘happiest place on Earth,’ but that was before I got a chance to stand here next to you.
Want to go outside and get some fresh air with me? You just took my breath away.
If you were a taser, you’d be set to ‘stun.’
If you were a Transformer, you’d be ‘Optimus Fine.’
Did your license get suspended for driving all the guys crazy?
Hello. Cupid called. He wants to tell you he needs my heart back.
Are you a time traveler? Because I absolutely see you in my future.
Do you know what my shirt is made of? Boyfriend material.
You know, your smile has been lighting up the room all night and I just had to come and say hello.
Can you take me to the doctor? I just broke my leg falling for you.
You don’t need keys to drive me crazy.
Are you made of grapes? Because you’re fine as wine.
Do you remember me? Oh, that’s right—we’ve only met in my dreams.
You look like you know how to have a good time. Been on any adventures lately?
It’s never easy meeting a complete stranger—especially one as beautiful as you—without being properly introduced. But can we try anyway?
I’m not sure what it is yet, but something about you seems really interesting.
I started reading/watching an interesting book/show last week, and I’d love to discuss it with someone. Have you heard of it?
Corny Pick Up Lines For Guys
Are you a keyboard? Because you’re just my type.
What does it feel like to be the most gorgeous girl in the room?
I can’t tell if that was an earthquake, or if you just seriously rocked my world.
I don’t know your name, but I’m sure it’s as beautiful as you are.
You are astoundingly gorgeous, but I can tell that’s the least interesting thing about you. I’d love to know more.
Have you been to the doctor lately? Because I think you’re lacking some vitamin me.
Do you know what would look really good on you? Me.
I was wondering if you had an extra heart. Mine was just stolen.
The sparkle in your eyes is so bright, the sun must be jealous.
One night I looked up at the stars and thought, ‘Wow, how beautiful.’ But now that I’m looking at you, nothing else can compare.
If I had a nickel for every time I saw someone as beautiful as you, I’d still only have five cents.
For a moment I thought I had died and gone to heaven. Now I see I am still living, but heaven has been brought to me.
If beauty were time, you’d be eternity.
I think the only way you could possibly be more beautiful is if I got to know you.
You must be a very important textbook passage because seeing you is the highlight of my day.
If you let me borrow a kiss, I promise I’ll give it right back.
My friends bet me I couldn’t talk to the prettiest girl in the bar. Want to use their money to buy some drinks?
Trust me, I’m not drunk; I’m just intoxicated by you.
Do you fish? Because you have me hooked.
If I’m vinegar, then you must be baking soda. Because you make me feel all bubbly inside.
Hilariously Funny Pick Up Lines For Guys
Is your nickname Chapstick? Because you’re da balm.
I seem to have lost my number—can I have yours?
Are you any good at boxing? Because you look like a knockout.
I wish I’d paid more attention to science in high school, because you and I’ve got chemistry and I want to know all about it.
Hi, my name is (your name), but you can call me tonight or tomorrow.
Do I know you? (pause) Oh, sorry, it’s just that you look just like my next girlfriend.
Do you have the time? (Tells you the time) No, the time to write down my number?
If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?
If your name Wi-Fi? Because I’m really feeling a connection.
Hey, do you mind if we take a picture together? I just want to show my mom what my next girlfriend looks like.
Are you related to Jean-Claude Van Damme? Because Jean-Claude Van Damme you’re sexy!
I don’t have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
Do you have a name, or can I just call you ‘mine?’
If you were a triangle, you’d be acute one.
That’s a nice shirt. Can I talk you out of it?
You see my friend over there? S/he wants to know if you think I’m cute.
You must be a campfire. Because you’re super hot and I want s’more.
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I try walking by again?
I’m really glad I just bought life insurance, because when I saw you, my heart stopped.
If I were a cat, I’d spend all nine of my lives with you.
The Best Pick Up Lines For Guys
I was going to call you beautiful, but then I realized I don’t have your number yet.
Are you good at math? Me neither. But the only number I care about is yours.
Excuse me, I don’t mean to intrude, but you owe me a drink (pause), because when I saw you, I dropped mine.
I’m not usually religious, but when I saw you, I knew you were the answer to my prayers.
(Hold out your hand) Hey, I’m going for a walk. Would you mind holding this for me?
I’m not photographer, but I can definitely picture us together.
Would you mind giving me a pinch? You’re so cute, I must be dreaming.
Wow, when God made you, he was seriously showing off.
I don’t know which is prettier today—the weather, or your eyes.
I swear someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.
In my opinion, there are three kinds of beautiful: Cute, pretty, and sexy. Somehow, you manage to be all three.
I just had to tell you, your beauty made me truly appreciate being able to see.
If you were a fruit, you’d be a ‘fine-apple.’
Are you the online order I placed a few days ago? ‘Cuz I’ve been waiting for you all day.
Are you HTTP? Because without you, I’m just ://
Is your dad a boxer? Because you’re a. knockout.
If you were a president, you’d be Babe-raham Lincoln.
If being sexy was a crime, you’d be guilty as charged.
I was wondering if you’re an artist because you were so good at drawing me in.
If kisses were snowflakes, I’d send you a blizzard.
Clever Pick Up Lines For Guys
I may not be a genie, but I can make your dreams come true.
Are you a dictionary? Cause you’re adding meaning to my life.
I lost my teddy bear. Can I sleep with you tonight?
Know what’s on the menu? Me ‘n’ u.
Your body is a wonderland, and I want to be Alice.
Your lips look lonely. Let me introduce them to mine.
You’re so sweet you’re going to put Hershey’s out of business.
If you were a chicken, you’d be impeccable.
Give me your name so I know what to scream tonight.
You’re definitely on my to-do list tonight.
Well, here I am. What are your other two wishes?
Hey, my name’s Microsoft. Can I crash at your place tonight?
Are you feeling a little down? I can help feel you up.
I’m blinded by your beauty. I need your name and phone number for insurance purposes.
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I’m searching for.
Do you ever get tired from running through my thoughts all night?
You know, they say that love is when you don’t want to sleep because reality is better than your dreams. And after seeing you, I don’t think I ever want to sleep again.
My mother told me to follow my dreams. So can I have your Instagram?
Do you have a map? I just got lost in your eyes.
I’m lost. Can I have directions to your heart?
More Pick Up Lines For Guys
Did you invent the airplane? Because you seem Wright for me.
You’re so beautiful that you made me forget my pickup line.
Are you a parking ticket? ‘Cause you’ve got ‘fine’ written all over you.
Your eyes are like the ocean; I could swim in them all day.
When I look in your eyes, I see a very kind soul.
If you were a vegetable, you’d be a ‘cute-cumber.’
Do you happen to have a Band-Aid? ‘Cause I scraped my knee falling for you.
Are you from Tennessee? Because you’re the only 10 I see!
Do you like raisins? How do you feel about a date?
Life without you is like a broken pencil… pointless.
For some reason, I was feeling a little off today. But when you came along, you definitely turned me on.
If you were words on a page, you’d be fine print.
Do you like Star Wars? Because Yoda only one for me!
Somebody better call God, because he’s missing an angel.
We’re not socks, but I think we’d make a great pair.
Are you Siri? Because you autocomplete me.
I lost my phone number. Can I have yours?
How much does a polar bear weigh? Enough to break the ice.
Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile.
Aren’t you tired? You’ve been running through my mind all day.
What’s that wonderful scent you’re wearing? Oh! That’s just you? I love it.
Is there an airport nearby or is it my heart taking off?
Are you French? Because Eiffel for you.
Did you just come out of the oven? Because you’re hot.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I’d put U and I together.
I never believed in love at first sight, but that was before I saw you.
I didn’t know what I wanted in a woman until I saw you.
My love for you is like diarrhea, I just can’t hold it in.
You’ve got a lot of beautiful curves, but your smile is absolutely my favorite.
Are you as beautiful on the inside as you are on the outside?
It says in the Bible to only think about what’s pure and lovely… So I’ve been thinking about you all day long.